Update prop_set documentation (#26)
grrr-amsterdam/garp-functional: docs/index.md

### prop_set

> Returns a new object with the given `$key` set to the given `$value`. As shown below `prop_set` acceps callables, this means though, that if the input is dynamic, the value should be wrapped in `f\always($value)`, as string values that a user inputs, could contain valid php function names and lead to unpredictable behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a new object with the given `$key` set to the given `$value`. As shown below `prop_set` accepts callables. This means though, that if the input is dynamic, the value should be wrapped in `f\always($value)`, as string values could contain valid php function names and lead to unpredictable behavior.
```

// $data remains untouched: ['name' => 'spaghetti', 'type' => 'pasta'] 
```

> `prop_set` also accepts callables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`prop_set` also accepts callables. The function is passed a single argument: the target object.
```
